.verb.md, before:

# {%=name%}

> {%=description%}

## TOC

<!-- toc -->

## Summary
{%= docs("summary") %}

## Scenarios

- Scenario 1: [Local deployment to VirtualBox using bash only](./local-bash)
- Scenario x: Local deployment to VirtualBox using Vagrant only
- Scenario x: Local deployment to VirtualBox using Vagrant/Ansible 
- Scenario x: Deployment to DigitalOcean using bash only
- Scenario x: Deployment to DigitalOcean using Vagrant only
- Scenario x: Deployment to DigitalOcean using Vagrant/Ansible
- Scenario x: Using rancher to deploy locally (?)
- Scenario x: Using rancher to deploy to DigitalOcean
- Scenario x: Deployment to AWS using Vagrant only

_Note:_ Scenarios not being linked to a solution are not started/finished, yet.

## Install

Clone the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/stefanwalther/deploy-docker-swarm) , install the required tools and enjoy:

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/stefanwalther/deploy-docker-swarm
```

## Tools being used

Different tools have been used in the different scenarios, which also allows to compare the different approaches:
 
- [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/)
  - [Guest Additions for VirtualBox](https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E36500_01/E36502/html/qs-guest-additions.html)
- [Docker for Mac](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/) / [Docker for Windows](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/)
- [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/)
- [Ansible](https://www.ansible.com/)
- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/)

Have a look at the README of the corresponding scenario to understand which of the tools are needed.

## Comparison of the different approaches used

- [Comparison](docs/comparison.md)

## About

### Contributing
Comments, Issues and PR are highly welcome.

### Author
{%= docs("author") %}

## License
{%= license %}

Commit message:

docs: Add docker-on-docker

.verb.md, after:

# {%=name%}

> {%=description%}

## TOC

<!-- toc -->

## Summary
{%= docs("summary") %}

## Scenarios

- Scenario 1: [Local deployment to VirtualBox using bash only](./local-bash)
- Scenario x: Local deployment to VirtualBox using Vagrant only
- Scenario x: Local deployment to VirtualBox using Vagrant/Ansible 
- Scenario x: Local deployment using the Docker-on-docker approach
- Scenario x: Deployment to DigitalOcean using bash only
- Scenario x: Deployment to DigitalOcean using Vagrant only
- Scenario x: Deployment to DigitalOcean using Vagrant/Ansible
- Scenario x: Using rancher to deploy locally (?)
- Scenario x: Using rancher to deploy to DigitalOcean
- Scenario x: Deployment to AWS using Vagrant only

_Note:_ Scenarios not being linked to a solution are not started/finished, yet.

## Install

Clone the [GitHub repository](https://github.com/stefanwalther/deploy-docker-swarm) , install the required tools and enjoy:

```sh
$ git clone https://github.com/stefanwalther/deploy-docker-swarm
```

## Tools being used

Different tools have been used in the different scenarios, which also allows to compare the different approaches:
 
- [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/)
  - [Guest Additions for VirtualBox](https://docs.oracle.com/cd/E36500_01/E36502/html/qs-guest-additions.html)
- [Docker for Mac](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-mac/) / [Docker for Windows](https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/)
- [Vagrant](https://www.vagrantup.com/)
- [Ansible](https://www.ansible.com/)
- [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/)

Have a look at the README of the corresponding scenario to understand which of the tools are needed.

## Comparison of the different approaches used

- [Comparison](docs/comparison.md)

## About

### Contributing
Comments, Issues and PR are highly welcome.

### Author
{%= docs("author") %}

## License
{%= license %}
